>> Richard: Okay,
let's go through the solutions.
All right, so first one we have TODO
make this return the article's body.
So to do that, we're going need to
pattern match on it to extract it.
So if we look back at the type of article,
we see the article has two,
sorry, it has one variant which
has two pieces of data inside it.
So one is internals and
the other is the extra info.
So we don't really care
about the internals, so
we're just gonna underscore
that out of the way.
What we do care about in this particular
case, is the extra stuff because
the extra stuff in this case, is full and
full is what holds onto our body.
Now, because this is an inline
pattern match, we can grab full.
And also, at the same time, pattern match
out the body, or as I'm gonna call it bod,
to avoid a naming collision
with the body itself.
[COUGH] And at that point,
I've now successfully extracted it and
I can just return it.
So this, a little bit of pattern matching,
followed by an extremely straightforward
implementation with just returning
the thing that we pattern matched out.
So now if I compile this, I should
theoretically get one fewer compile error.
And sure enough,
I'm now down to two errors.
The next one is upgrading
from a preview to a full one.
So here we've got the body as an argument,
so
we'll call that bod again,
so nothing else to do there.
And then we've got article preview.
So again we're going to
pattern match on it, and
once again we don't really
care about the internals.
But this case, we don't wanna give it
an underscore for a name because if we do,
we don't be able to use it when we're
constructing the full one later.
So I'm going to say internals and
just give it a name so
that I can use it in a moment.
However, in this case we have the preview
as the other piece of data that we could
pattern match on, but now,
we actually don't care about that.
So I could put that as an underscore.
But I'm actually just gonna put Preview
here to do an explicit pattern match.
Just so that I can remind my future self
that it's not an underscore because I'm
choosing not to use it.
It's a preview,
which is to say it is actually useless.
There is no value I could possibly
get out of this thing, so I'm just
gonna put it in the pattern match, just to
remind myself as a form of documentation.
Okay, so we got that now, and
I want to convert to an Article Full.
How do I do that?
Well at this point,
I want to construct one of these
articles and how can I do that?
The answer is I'm going to once again
say Article Internals extraInfo.
And to build this extraInfo,
I'm going to say Article internals, and
I'm gonna build the extraInfo
by using the bod that I have and
passing it to full as a constructor.
So now, I have constructed a brand
new article which has the same
internals as before, which is
completely discarding this preview and
replacing it with a new instance of Full
that has the body that we are provided.
And if we go to compile that,
we're now down to one error.
And last but not least, we're going
to decode our way into having a body.
So here we've got the custom
internals decoder, which is going to
give us back the decoder necessary to
extract the internals part of that.
We're calling decode.succeed
on article itself.
As a quicker side here, I know that some
folks in the workshop who might have
done this in the past have had more or
less experience with JSON decoders.
So if you're feeling a little
bit stuck at this part,
that's okay we're gonna get
into this in more detail later.
But I did wanna go over this in
the context of how do you actually do this
from one of these extensible custom types.
So we're going to succeed directly into
the article which is to say we're going to
pass these two things as arguments
directly to that article variance itself.
So the first one is internals which is why
we have that custom internal z code there.
The second one is body, but if I just
do body.decoder here like the comments
suggest that I do,
which is of type decoder body.
I'm just gonna turn that into a comment so
I can remind myself.
[COUGH] Oops, that was a mistake.
Let's put that up there.
Nope, fourth time's the charm,
there we go.
Okay, so that's what I've got in there.
Let's see if that compiles.
No, it doesn't.
Well, part of the reason is because
I didn't spell it right, decoder.
>> Richard: Okay, type mismatch, so the
problem is that I have decoded the body,
but what we actually need is full because
that's what goes in that second slot.
Body is not the type of extraInfo
that we're going to need if we
wanna have an Article Full here.
I could say I'm gonna return the article
body, but that's not what we want.
What we want is an Article Full.
An article body is not useful
because everything in this API is in
terms of either full or preview.
So if I decode my way into an article
body that's not really doing anybody
any favors.
So how can I do that?
Well, essentially all I wanna do is I want
this decoder right here not to be a body
decoder, but rather to be a full decoder.
And the way I can do that
is by using Decode.map.
So Decode.map takes a function which
will convert one decoder from another
by wrapping its internals or
transforming its internals by a function.
So I'm gonna say decode.map
Full Body.decoder, which means that since
body.decoder is a decoder body, that's
going to translate it into a decoder Full.
Because the function that I'm
providing decode.map is something that
goes from a body to a full.
So by doing this, I have now given,
I'm still requiring the same field.
I'm still reading the same
body out of the json, but
once I've got it, I'm now converting
it to a full, I'm upgrading it.